TELCODOCS-370-definition-of-done[WIP] (#42323)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-querying-the-policy-compliance-status-for-each-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ztp-querying-the-policy-compliance-status-for-each-cluster_{context}"]
= Querying the policy compliance status for each cluster

After you have created the validator inform policies for your clusters and pushed them to the

> the zero touch provisioning (ZTP) Git repository you can check the status of each cluster for policy compliance.

Reviewer: comma after "repository"

Author: change made

.Procedure

> . To query the status of the spoke clusters using either the {rh-rhacm-first} web console or the CLI:

Author: To query the status of the spoke clusters, use either the {rh-rhacm-first} web console or the CLI:"

> . To query the status of the spoke clusters using either the {rh-rhacm-first} web console or the CLI:

Reviewer 2: Wanted to come back and correct my statement here about IBM SG. The guidance is just about leading into _lists_, but has no problem with your original style for leading into steps, AFICT.

+

> * If you want to query status from the {rh-rhacm} web console, click *Governance => Find policies =>

Reviewer: Minimalism. I don't think you need "If you want to", just "To ..." for the first three steps.

Author: change made

> Search “du-validator-policy” => Click into the policy*.

Author: Yes, I had problems with that as well (not seeing the console. I'll use your list suggestion.

* To query status using the CLI, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get policies du-validator-policy -n <namespace-for-common> -o jsonpath={'.status.status'} | jq

Author: @imiller0 Where can I get this?

> $ oc get policies du-validator-policy -n <namespace-for-common> -o jsonpath={'.status.status'} | jq

Reviewer 2: [Underscores for replaceables](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output): `<namespace_for_common>`

Author: changed

----
+

> When all of the policies including the validator inform policy applied to the cluster become compliant,

Author: stet

> it means the ZTP pipeline for this cluster is complete.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
it means the ZTP installation and configuration for this cluster is complete.
```

Author: change made

. To query the cluster violation/compliant status from the ACM web console, click

> *Governance => Cluster violations*.

Reviewer 2: Same re: `->`

> . Check the validator policy compliant status for a cluster using the following commands:

Author: Made these changes.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ export CLUSTER=<clusterName>

Reviewer 2: `<cluster_name>`

Author: changed

----
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get policies -n $CLUSTER | grep <validatorPolicyName>

Reviewer 2: `<validator_policy_name>` (or whatever's accurate)

Author: changed

----
+

> You can also use the following command:

Reviewer 2: Suggest framing it more clearly as an alternative, versus additive. "Alternatively, you can use the following command:"

Author: changed

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get policies -n <namespace-for-group> <validatorPolicyName> -o jsonpath="{.status.status[?(@.clustername=='$CLUSTER')]}" | jq
----
+

> After the ``*-validator-du-policy` {rh-rhacm} policy becomes compliant for the cluster, the

Reviewer 2: Looks like an extra backtick here. I don't think the `*` needs to be escaped or anything tho, this seems to work fine in Atom at least:

```
After the `*-validator-du-policy` {rh-rhacm} policy
```

Reviewer 2: This sentence overall is a bit long too, consider maybe breaking it up.

Author: changed

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ztp-querying-the-policy-compliance-status-for-each-cluster_{context}"]
= Querying the policy compliance status for each cluster

After you have created the validator inform policies for your clusters and pushed them to the
the zero touch provisioning (ZTP) Git repository, you can check the status of each cluster for policy compliance.

.Procedure

. To query the status of the spoke clusters, use either the {rh-rhacm-first} web console or the CLI:
+
* To query status from the {rh-rhacm} web console, perform the following actions:
+
.. Click *Governance* -> *Find policies*.
.. Search for *du-validator-policy*
.. Click into the policy.

* To query status using the CLI, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get policies du-validator-policy -n <namespace_for_common> -o jsonpath={'.status.status'} | jq

Reviewer 4: This should be changed to following to align with other part of the docs:

oc get policies -n <namespace_for_group> <validator_policy_name> -o jsonpath={'.status.status'} | jq

----
+
When all of the policies including the validator inform policy applied to the cluster become compliant,
it means the ZTP installation and configuration for this cluster is complete.

. To query the cluster violation/compliant status from the ACM web console, click
*Governance* -> *Cluster violations*.

. Check the validator policy compliant status for a cluster using the following commands:
+
--
.. Export the cluster name:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ export CLUSTER=<cluster_name>
----

.. Get the policy:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get policies -n $CLUSTER | grep <validator_policy_name>
----
--
+
Alternatively, you can use the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get policies -n <namespace-for-group> <validatorPolicyName> -o jsonpath="{.status.status[?(@.clustername=='$CLUSTER')]}" | jq

Reviewer 4: Change the command to: 

oc get policies -n <namespace_for_group> <validator_policy_name> -o j-o jsonpath="{.status.status[?(@.clustername=='$CLUSTER')]}" | jq

Reviewer 4: Also the string replacing mechanism is a bit inconsistent. We are using two different formats:

- <namespace-for-group> for user to replace it with the actual namespace
- $CLUSTER for user to replace it with the actual cluster name
